All right guys welcome back.
So we are still in our advanced strategy set of sections and in this section we're going to talk about
automated outreach.
Now before we talked about automating a lot of your content production Well there are outreach and marketing
and grooves tactics that you can also automate with enough effort.
This is a relatively short section.
It's just covering the best practices of how we can tackle getting shared for shares and how to manage
these collaboration posts and then how to effectively link that up with the virtual assistant skills
that we had set up before and how to get this rolling because shouts are a great way of growing but
not great if you have to constantly be on your phone managing these random people to try to set up these
posts.
So this is an advance strategy I don't know if it's necessarily for everybody but now it's worth dabbling
in the next lecture.